annot: Add butter and sausage to a pan
ACTID: 0
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] butter (-1), sausage (-1)
[PP, location, to] a pan (-1)
annot: Cook the pan of sausage in the oven
ACTID: 1
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] the pan of sausage (0)
[PP, location, in] the oven (-1)
annot: peel
ACTID: 2
PRED: peel
[DOBJ, food] the potatos (-1)
annot: cut the potatos into pieces
ACTID: 3
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] the potatos (2)
[PP, other, into] pieces (-1)
annot: Boil the potatos in salted water
ACTID: 4
PRED: boil
[DOBJ, food] the potatos (3)
[PP, food, in] salted water (-1)
annot: mash the potatos with butter
ACTID: 5
PRED: mash
[DOBJ, food] the potatos (4)
[PP, food, with] butter (-1)
annot: Add milk to the potatos
ACTID: 6
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] milk (-1)
[PP, food, to] the potatos (5)
annot: Add mustard and butter to the potatos
ACTID: 7
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] mustard (-1), butter (-1)
[PP, food, to] the potatos (6)
annot: Chop the onion and garlic
ACTID: 8
PRED: chop
[DOBJ, food] the onion (-1), garlic (-1)
annot: Cook the onion and garlic in a pot with butter
ACTID: 9
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] the onion (8), garlic (8)
[PP, food, in] a pot with butter (-1)
annot: Add ale and beef stock to the gravy
ACTID: 10
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] ale (-1), beef stock (-1)
[PP, food, to] the gravy (9)
annot: Chop up the pear
ACTID: 11
PRED: chop
[DOBJ, food] the pear (-1)
annot: Cook the pears in a pot with butter, sugar, mustard, and pepper
ACTID: 12
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] the pears (11)
[PP, location, in] a pot (-1)
[PP, food, with] butter (-1), sugar (-1), mustard (-1), and pepper (-1)